Course Goals
After successfully completing the course, you will be able to do the following:
Evaluate the suitability of different analysis and testing techniques for different types of programs and under a given set of constraints
Implement and run analyses to determine useful facts about a given program
Describe qualitative properties of different techniques for analyzing and testing programs
Compute the outcome of a given analysis or testing technique on a program

Preview
Sample Syllabi
Summer 2024 syllabus (PDF)Spring 2024 syllabus (PDF)Summer 2023 syllabus (PDF)
Note: Sample syllabi are provided for informational purposes only. For the most up-to-date information, consult the official course documentation.
Course Content
To access the public version of this course's content, click here, then log into your Ed Lessons account. If you have not already created an Ed Lessons account, enter your name and email address, then click the activation link sent to your email, then revisit that link.
Before Taking This Class...
Suggested Background Knowledge
We expect you to be fluent in a C-family language, such as C, C++, Java, or C#. Most classwork will be in C++, and the effort required will be greatly increased if you are not already fluent in a C-family language. 
In this course, you will use a variety of tools implemented in different programming languages to generate useful facts about a program’s behavior and analyze them. You will learn about the tools and their theoretical underpinnings in this class, however it is assumed that you are already familiar with basic concepts in computer science and mathematics, as well as the use of various tools/command in a UNIX-like environment.
The instructors and teaching assistants have only a limited capability to assist students with learning these tasks, and they will not be explicitly covered in video lessons. We have created a Readiness Assessment that you can use to determine prerequisite tasks that you may wish to learn or re-familiarize yourself with before enrolling in this course.
Technical Requirements and Software
Georgia Tech's Office of Student Computer Ownership issues minimum hardware requirements to incoming undergraduates; you should meet or exceed these guidelines.
Academic Integrity
All Georgia Tech students are expected to uphold the Georgia Tech Academic Honor Code. This course may impose additional academic integrity stipulations; consult the official course documentation for more information.
