
Course Goals
This class explores how computation impacts the entire workflow of photography, which is traditionally aimed at capturing light from a (3D) scene to form an (2D) image. Over the span of the semester, students will learn:
To think about images as multi-dimensional arrays on which mathematical operations can be performed to generate interesting artifacts
The technical aspects of image capture and rendering, and exploration of how such a medium can be used to its maximum potential
To mathematically model a camera as a device that maps a 3D space onto a 2D plane
How the traditional camera pipeline can be transformed by changing the sensor, illumination, lens, etc.

Preview
Sample Syllabi
Current syllabusCurrent schedule
Note: Sample syllabi are provided for informational purposes only. For the most up-to-date information, consult the official course documentation.
Course Content
To access the public version of this course's content, click here, then log into your Ed Lessons account. If you have not already created an Ed Lessons account, enter your name and email address, then click the activation link sent to your email, then revisit that link.
Before Taking This Class...
Suggested Background Knowledge
The course will involve programming assignments and projects that will test the student’s understanding of the concepts taught in class. The following will be necessary to keep up with the pace of the course:
Working knowledge of computer programming (preferably Python)
College-level mathematics (knowledge of matrices, vectors, differentiation, and integration)
Physics (vectors, optics)
Probability (probability density functions)
Basic knowledge about the functioning of a camera (controlling shutter speed, ISO, aperture)
Prior experience with using OpenCV and Numpy is preferable

Technical Requirements and Software
Internet connectivity
Camera (preferably one with granular control over aperture, shutter speed, and ISO)
Operating system:
	PC: Windows 8 or higher
Mac: OS X 10.15 or higher with latest updates installed
Linux: any recent distribution will work so long as you can install Python and OpenCV bindings

Anaconda

Academic Integrity
All Georgia Tech students are expected to uphold the Georgia Tech Academic Honor Code. This course may impose additional academic integrity stipulations; consult the official course documentation for more information.
