Course Goals
To understand the tight coupling and synergies that exist between hardware and software in embedded processors and that are exposed through the abstraction of instruction sets including DSPs, VLIWs, etc.
To understand machine specific features (such as data paths, register and memory banks) of the underlying processor and machine specific code optimizations based on them for high performance, compact code and low energy.

Sample Syllabi
Fall 2024 syllabus (PDF)Summer 2024 syllabus (PDF)Spring 2024 syllabus (PDF)
Note: Sample syllabi are provided for informational purposes only. For the most up-to-date information, consult the official course documentation.
Course Content
To access the public version of this course's content, click here, then log into your Ed Lessons account. If you have not already created an Ed Lessons account, enter your name and email address, then click the activation link sent to your email, then revisit that link.
Before Taking This Class...
Suggested Background Knowledge
It is recommended that students who take this course have previously taken at least an undergraduate-level course in computer architecture. In addition, students must have a strong background in C and/or C++. A basic to intermediate understanding of Python, and basic knowledge of git, are required.
Technical Requirements and Software
Browser and connection speed: An up-to-date version of Chrome or Firefox is strongly recommended. 2+ Mbps is recommended.
Operating system:
	PC: Windows 7 or higher
Mac: OS X 10.10.5 or higher
Minimum of 2 GB free space
Dual-core 2.4 GHz CPU or better
Webcam resolution of 800x600 or better
Working microphone

Virtual Machine: You will be using Vagrant along with Virtualbox to provide a consistent environment for development and grading which every assignment uses. Details for downloading and installing the Vagrant system are located on the course github.

Academic Integrity
All Georgia Tech students are expected to uphold the Georgia Tech Academic Honor Code. This course may impose additional academic integrity stipulations; consult the official course documentation for more information.
