
Course Goals
Understand what "network science" means, how it relates to other disciplines (graph theory, data mining, machine learning, etc), and how it is useful in practice
Learn how to detect, quantify and interpret important properties of real networks, such as power-law degree distribution, "small world" efficiency and clustering, assortativity, hierarchy, modularity and others
Learn how to identify the most important nodes and links in a network through network centrality metrics and core identification algorithms
Design and analyze algorithms that compute "communities" of highly clustered nodes, and learn how to compare such algorithms
Appreciate the value of network modeling, and learn several approaches to model a static or dynamic network
Understand the "network inference" problem and learn statistical and machine learning methods that estimate a network from noisy data
Understand how representation learning (and deep learning in particular) is applied to network science
Learn how to model and predict network epidemics, influence, cascades and other "spreading" phenomena
Understand how the structure (topology) of a network affects the function and dynamic activity on that network
Become familiar with several state-of-the-art research directions in network science

Sample Syllabus
Current syllabus (PDF)
Note: Sample syllabi are provided for informational purposes only. For the most up-to-date information, consult the official course documentation.
Before Taking This Class...
Suggested Background Knowledge
The course hopes to attract students from different academic backgrounds and research interests (including math, physics, engineering, biology, neuroscience or sociology). Consequently, the instructor will try to keep the course as "self-contained" as possible. However, some knowledge (at the level of a good undergrad course) with calculus, probability, linear algebra, and programming is necessary.
Answering the questions on this prerequisite test will tell you if you are ready to take CS 7280. If you know how to solve these questions, or can do them with some revision of undergraduate-level probability and linear algebra, then you are good to start.
Technical Requirements and Software
We will be using NetworkX extensively: https://networkx.org
Academic Integrity
All Georgia Tech students are expected to uphold the Georgia Tech Academic Honor Code. This course may impose additional academic integrity stipulations; consult the official course documentation for more information.
