
Course Goals
Once completed, you should have the following capabilities:
Familiarity and exposure
	Demonstrate familiarity with hardware trends underlying the rise of big data
Demonstrate familiarity with software trends underlying the rise of big data
List specific links between big data technologies that affect our security as a society

Reasoning about computing technology and about models
	Articulate a strategy for defining and algorithmic finding a specific type of wrongdoing
Identify problems that technologies will likely solve in the future
Identify problems that technologies likely can't solve in the future

Technical execution of code
	Use R programming language to perform statistical analysis
Use Python to find the most common words in a book
Use Python to query an email database
Use Python to algorithmically identify emails of interest


Sample Syllabi
Summer 2024 syllabus (PDF)Spring 2024 syllabus (PDF)Spring 2022 syllabus (PDF)
Note: Sample syllabi are provided for informational purposes only. For the most up-to-date information, consult the official course documentation.
Course Videos
You can view the lecture videos for this course here.
Before Taking This Class...
Suggested Background Knowledge
This course requires no specific background knowledge. Many students with no programming background and no background in statistics have found this class approachable and learned a lot. At the same time, upper level PhD students in economics and undergrad/masters students in a range of subjects at Georgia Tech who have modest to considerable computing skills have also benefited from the wide-ranging survey of data analytic methods, the open ended project work, and the discussions around how data analytics fit into problems related to security and society.
Technical Requirements and Software
We do some exercises in R and Python. We host Jupyter notebooks for the students for Python, and we’ve had students run their own R/RStudio installations. The course project is to find “wrongdoing” among the 250k Enron emails.
Academic Integrity
All Georgia Tech students are expected to uphold the Georgia Tech Academic Honor Code. This course may impose additional academic integrity stipulations; consult the official course documentation for more information.
