
Course Goals
Upon successful completion of this course, students should be able to: 
Recognize the different governance structures used to promote cybersecurity
Identify key cybersecurity policy frameworks and standards (e.g., NIST framework)
Write a cybersecurity policy for an organization
Analyze and assess the effects of existing and proposed cybersecurity laws and regulations
Identify the geopolitical dimension of cyber conflict
Recognize the intersections of cybersecurity governance with the governance, standards and operations of the Internet

Sample Syllabi
Fall 2024 syllabus (PDF)Summer 2024 syllabus (PDF)Spring 2024 syllabus (PDF)
Note: sample syllabi are provided for informational purposes only. For the most up-to-date information, consult the official course documentation.
Before Taking This Class...
Suggested Background Knowledge
Students will be expected to have a basic understanding of computers and data networking and will be exposed to some technical material regarding internet protocols, vulnerabilities, exploits and incident response, but the primary focus of the course is on the public policy, management and international relations aspects of cybersecurity. As such, prior coursework on institutional or transaction cost economics would be helpful, as would courses or readings on public policy processes and public administration. Students should be able to blend and integrate economic, technical and political modes of analysis. A helpful overview of related issues is provided in the following:
National Research Council. 2014. At the Nexus of Cybersecurity and Public Policy: Some Basic Concepts and Issues. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. https://doi.org/10.17226/18749
Technical Requirements and Software
To participate in this class, you need the following computer hardware and software:
Broadband Internet connection
Laptop or desktop computer with a minimum of a 2 GHz processor and 2 GB of RAM
Working webcam (to complete the onboarding module/quiz which is required to access the course; there is no workaround for this)
Windows for PC computers or MacOS for Apple computers
Complete Microsoft Office Suite or comparable applications and ability to use Adobe PDF software (install, download, open, and convert)
Edge, Firefox, Chrome, and/or Safari browsers

Academic Integrity
All Georgia Tech students are expected to uphold the Georgia Tech Academic Honor Code. This course may impose additional academic integrity stipulations; consult the official course documentation for more information.
